-) 2-pass encoding as soon as HQ mode is being used
	
	After additional tests, even the tweaked 2-pass commands generally produce worse results than single pass for b:v <200.
	Perhaps I'm going to add a warning/prompt and let the user decide how to proceed.
	Problem is, that would interfere with continuous encoding.
	
-) Constant quality vs. constrained quality vs. VBR

	After a quite extensive test of mine, I decided to use classic VBR over constrained quality (crf combined with b:v).
	Far more important for the quality is setting qmax, which can be done regardless. 
	Otherwise VBR is more stable when it comes to using a calculated birate. Constrained quality often massively under/overshoots the target filesize.
	
	Constant quality (crf with b:v 0) is still a mystery to me. It somehow heavily depends on 2-pass encoding (very low quality after scene cuts, when using single pass).
	When used during 2-pass encoding, the results are mixed. Some frames look better than with VBR, others worse. In general there seems to be a problem with fast movement.
	Gonna test it further, but right now it doesn't seem like it's worth including.
	
-) Colormatrix conversion

	If the input video has a BT.709 color matrix, then the colors of the produced webm may be slightly off.
	This is always the case for VP8 as it only supports the BT.601 color matrix and also happens with VP9, if the produced webm isn't HD as well. 
	The filter colormatrix=bt709:bt601 solves this problem.
	Still trying to figure out how to detect the input color matrix reliable via ffprobe. At least I'm going to add a warning to the wiki.
	
-) File size adjustment during audio showcase mode

	Currently the video option is prone to result in too large files, if the input video stream isn't a static picture.
	The resulting slideshow doesn't get affected that much by increasing the keyframe interval.
	Further downscaling would solve this problem. Not sure if I'm only gonna do it for the video option or auto/manual as well.
	
	After further thought: Is it really necessary?
	The audio showcase mode is supposed to create webms with a static image as video, not a slideshow.
	Using '-c video' on normal video footage isn't the way it's supposed to be used and the only time further downscaling would be needed.

-) Quality fluctuations during fast encoding mode

	In general the fast encoding mode provides inferior results for difficult encodes. 
	Surprisingly it seems to be the opposite for very easy encodes.
	Could it be that CQ produces a better quality at high bitrates than VBR? I compared them thoroughly with difficult encodes 
	(720p/1080p footage, often more than a minute long with a 4MB limit), but not with easy ones. I should definitely do this as well.
	If it's true, then I'll switch back from VBR to CQ.

-) Getting more familiar with VP9

	Never had the hardware to encode VP9 at a reasonable speed. Now that I do it's time to look more into it.
	What I already noticed is that single pass VP9 at low bitrates (<200Kbps) is actually worse than single pass VP8.
	Some frames look way better, but especially parts with fast movement look awful. Really, really awful.
	Kinda reminds me of the constant quality vs. VBR situation.
